Added hints, updated versions and added js client (#286)
solana-foundation/developer-content: content/guides/getstarted/setup-local-development.md

First start with
[installing WSL](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install) on your

> system. Type the following command in your Windows power shell:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
system. Type the following command in Windows PowerShell:
```

solana-test-validator
```

> In WSL you may need to first navigate to a folder where you have default write
> access:
>
> ```shell

> > cd home
> > cd <your username>

Reviewer 2: In unix system, the user can nagivate to their home directory using the `~` path:

```suggestion
> cd ~
```

The `solana airdrop` command has a limit on how many SOL tokens can be requested
_per airdrop_ for each cluster (testnet or devnet). If your airdrop transaction

> fails, lower your airdrop request quantity and try again. You can also get your
> wallet address using `solana address` and request testing sol on the
> [solana web faucet](https://faucet.solana.com). If you ever need bigger amounts
> you can find ways to do so in this
> [guide](https://solana.com/de/developers/guides/getstarted/solana-token-airdrop-and-faucets)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
also get your
wallet address using `solana address` and request testing SOL on the
[Solana Web Faucet](https://faucet.solana.com). If you ever need bigger amounts
you can find ways to do so in this
[guide](/content/guides/getstarted/solana-token-airdrop-and-faucets.md)
```
